docs(recipes/nestia): new content for the new library (#2304)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/recipes/nestia.md

### Nestia

> Automatic `SDK` and `Swagger` generator for the `NestJS`.

Reviewer: Rather than a tagline here like you'd put in a README, consider writing out what this library solve. Take a look at some of the other pages:

Compodoc

> Compodoc is a documentation tool for Angular applications. Since Nest and Angular share similar project and code structures, Compodoc works with Nest applications as well.

Commander

> Expanding on the [standalone application](https://docs.nestjs.com/standalone-applications) docs there's also the [nest-commander](https://jmcdo29.github.io/nest-commander) package for writing command line applications in a structure similar to your typical Nest application

CRUD Generator

> Throughout the life span of a project, when we build new features, we often need to add new resources to our application. These resources typically require multiple, repetitive operations that we have to repeat each time we define a new resource

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/blob/master/LICENSE)&nbsp;[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/nestia.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nestia)&nbsp;[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/nestia.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nestia) &nbsp;[![Build Status](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/actions?query=workflow%3Abuild)&nbsp;[![Guide Documents](https://img.shields.io/badge/wiki-documentation-forestgreen)](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/wiki) 

  - Github: https://github.com/samchon/nestia
  - NPM: https://www.npmjs.com/packages/nestia

>   - Guide Documents: https://github.com/samchon/nestia/wiki

Reviewer: Really only need one of these in the docs, probably a link to your GitHub repo or the documentation. And it should most likely be hyper linked either at the beginning or the end of the page

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info **info** `nestia` is a third party package and is not managed by the NestJS core team. Please, report any issues found with the library in the [appropriate repository](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/issues/new/choose)

```

> ```bash
> # INSTALL NESTIA
> npm install --save-dev nestia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Installation

To get started using Nestia, install it as a dev dependency.

```sh
npm install --save-dev nestia
```

# BUILDING SDK LIBRARY
npx nestia sdk "src/controller" --out "src/api"
npx nestia sdk "src/**/*.controller.ts" --out "src/api"
npx nestia sdk "src/controller" \ 
    --exclude "src/controller/test" \
    --out "src/api"

# BUILDING SWAGGER.JSON IS ALSO POSSIBLE
npx nestia swagger "src/controller" -- out "swagger.json"

> ```

Reviewer: Rather than small comments with these commands, lead up to them. Talk about why you'd want to run these and what they'll do for the user

Don't write any swagger comment and DTO decorator. Just run the `nestia` up.

  - No swagger comment/decorator
  - No DTO comment/decorator
  - Only pure `interface`s and NestJS code are required
    - Support generic typed `interface`s and `controller`s
    - Support union/intersection types
    - Support conditional types

> The `nestia` is an evolved automatic `SDK` and `Swagger` generator than ever, who does not require any type of swagger comment or DTO decorator function, by analyzing your `NestJS` developed backend server code in the compilation level (`nestia` utilizes the TypeScript Compiler API).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nestia` is an evolved automatic `SDK` and `Swagger` generator, which does not require any type of swagger comment or DTO decorators. This works by analyzing your `NestJS` server code during compilation using the Typescript compiler.
```

Reviewer: What about `during the compilation process`? In the "compilation level" just doesn't read quite right to me

> Therefore, don't write any swagger comment and don't use any DTO related decorator function. Just use the pure interface type with the pure `NestJS` code. Reading below sections and looking at example codes of the `nestia`, feel how the `nestia` is much stronger than the legacy `@nestjs/swagger`.

Reviewer: > don't write any swagger comment and don't use any DTO related decorator function

This is the 4th time you've mentioned that swagger and class-validator decorators aren't necessary. It's a little redundant at this point. You could probably just merge this with the above paragraph and not make the mention again

Reviewer: Also `@nestjs/swagger` isn't "legacy", it's a different approach. The package is still in constant development.

<img src="https://github.com/samchon/nestia/wiki/images/sdk-comparison-table.png" style="max-width: 100%" />

```typescript
// IMPORT SDK LIBRARY WHO'VE BEEN GENERATED BY THE NESTIA
import api from "@samchon/shopping-api";
import { IPage } from "@samchon/shopping-api/lib/structures/IPage";
import { ISale } from "@samchon/shopping-api/lib/structures/ISale";
import { ISaleArticleComment } from "@samchon/shopping-api/lib/structures/ISaleArticleComment";
import { ISaleQuestion } from "@samchon/shopping-api/lib/structures/ISaleQuestion";

> export async function trace_sale_question_and_comment

Reviewer: Personally, not a fan of the `this_is_a_function_name` naming scheme, I'd rather we keep it consistent with the rest of the docs. `traceSaleQuestionAndComment`

    (connection: api.IConnection): Promise<void>
{
    // LIST UP SALE SUMMARIES
    const index: IPage<ISale.ISummary> = await api.functional.shoppings.sales.index
    (
        connection,
        "general",
        { limit: 100, page: 1 }

>     );

Reviewer: Is this how prettier is generating the TS to be formatted? I could've sworn we had `(` on the same line as the function instead of the next line

> 
> ```typescript
> // IMPORT SDK LIBRARY WHO'VE BEEN GENERATED BY THE NESTIA
> import api from "@samchon/shopping-api";
> import { IPage } from "@samchon/shopping-api/lib/structures/IPage";
> import { ISale } from "@samchon/shopping-api/lib/structures/ISale";
> import { ISaleArticleComment } from "@samchon/shopping-api/lib/structures/ISaleArticleComment";
> import { ISaleQuestion } from "@samchon/shopping-api/lib/structures/ISaleQuestion";
> 
> export async function trace_sale_question_and_comment
>     (connection: api.IConnection): Promise<void>
> {
>     // LIST UP SALE SUMMARIES
>     const index: IPage<ISale.ISummary> = await api.functional.shoppings.sales.index
>     (
>         connection,
>         "general",
>         { limit: 100, page: 1 }
>     );
> 
>     // PICK A SALE
>     const sale: ISale = await api.functional.shoppings.sales.at
>     (
>         connection, 
>         index.data[0].id
>     );
>     console.log("sale", sale);
> 
>     // WRITE A QUESTION
>     const question: ISaleQuestion = await api.functional.shoppings.sales.questions.store
>     (
>         connection,
>         "general",
>         sale.id,
>         {
>             title: "How to use this product?",
>             body: "The description is not fully enough. Can you introduce me more?",
>             files: []
>         }
>     );
>     console.log("question", question);
> 
>     // WRITE A COMMENT
>     const comment: ISaleArticleComment = await api.functional.shoppings.sales.comments.store
>     (
>         connection,
>         "general",
>         sale.id,
>         question.id,
>         {
>             body: "p.s) Can you send me a detailed catalogue?",
>             anonymous: false
>         }
>     );
>     console.log("comment", comment);
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Generated SDK Use Example

The following is an example of what the use of the generated SDK might look like. The package name `@samchon/shopping-api` is the name of the generated SDK.

```typescript
import api from "@samchon/shopping-api";
import { IPage } from "@samchon/shopping-api/lib/structures/IPage";
import { ISale } from "@samchon/shopping-api/lib/structures/ISale";
import { ISaleArticleComment } from "@samchon/shopping-api/lib/structures/ISaleArticleComment";
import { ISaleQuestion } from "@samchon/shopping-api/lib/structures/ISaleQuestion";
export async function trace_sale_question_and_comment
    (connection: api.IConnection): Promise<void>
{
    // LIST UP SALE SUMMARIES
    const index: IPage<ISale.ISummary> = await api.functional.shoppings.sales.index
    (
        connection,
        "general",
        { limit: 100, page: 1 }
    );
    // PICK A SALE
    const sale: ISale = await api.functional.shoppings.sales.at
    (
        connection, 
        index.data[0].id
    );
    console.log("sale", sale);
    // WRITE A QUESTION
    const question: ISaleQuestion = await api.functional.shoppings.sales.questions.store
    (
        connection,
        "general",
        sale.id,
        {
            title: "How to use this product?",
            body: "The description is not fully enough. Can you introduce me more?",
            files: []
        }
    );
    console.log("question", question);
    // WRITE A COMMENT
    const comment: ISaleArticleComment = await api.functional.shoppings.sales.comments.store
    (
        connection,
        "general",
        sale.id,
        question.id,
        {
            body: "p.s) Can you send me a detailed catalogue?",
            anonymous: false
        }
    );
    console.log("comment", comment);
}
```

#### Pure DTO Interface

> The `nestia` can utilize the pure interface type as DTO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Pure DTO Interface

`nestia` can utilize the pure interface type as DTO.
```

> Unlike the legacy `@nestjs/swagger` who requires a class with decorator functions when defining the DTO, the `nestia` can use the pure interface directly. Also, `nestia` can use the descriptive comments of the pure DTO interface, too.

Reviewer: Again, not legacy

> Unlike the legacy `@nestjs/swagger` who requires a class with decorator functions when defining the DTO, the `nestia` can use the pure interface directly. Also, `nestia` can use the descriptive comments of the pure DTO interface, too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike `@nestjs/swagger` who requires a class with decorators when defining the DTO, `nestia` can use the pure interface directly. Also, `nestia` can use the descriptive comments of the interface, too.
```

> Furthermore, as the `nestia` can use the pure interface type directly, it's possible to define a generic typed DTO interface with inheritance. Of course, using alis type or union typed DTO are also possibble, too. Besides, `@nestjs/swagger` never can construct such generic typed DTO and constructing union typed DTO is possible but extremely difficult.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, as `nestia` can use interface types directly, it's possible to define a generic typed DTO interface with inheritance. Of course, using alias type or union typed DTOs is also possible. 
```

  - Simple [`ISaleArticleComment`](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/tree/master/demo/simple/src/api/structures/ISaleArticleComment.ts)
  - Generic interfaces
    - grandparent interface, [`ISaleArticle<Content>`](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/tree/master/demo/generic/src/api/structures/ISaleArticle.ts)
    - parent interface, [`ISaleInquiry<Content>`](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/tree/master/demo/generic/src/api/structures/ISaleInquiry.ts)
    - 1st sub-type interface, [`ISaleQuestion`](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/tree/master/demo/generic/src/api/structures/ISaleQuestion.ts)
    - 2nd sub-type interface, [`ISaleReview`](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/tree/master/demo/generic/src/api/structures/ISaleReview.ts)

>   - Union alias type [`ISaleEntireArticle`](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/tree/master/demo/generic/src/api/structures/ISaleArticle.ts)

Reviewer: I think this is fine in your README, but not necessary for the NestJS docs

Looking at the below example code, then you may understand which differences between the `nestia` and `@nestjs/swagger` and what the pure interface DTO type means. Writing the legacy DTO class of the `@nestjs/swagger` after a very long time, I felt the feeling again, "this is insane". 

> info **Tip** 
>
> The below example code would be shown by clicking the arrow button or text.

<details>
    <summary>

>         Pure DTO interface, of the <code>nestia</code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Pure DTO interface using <code>nestia</code>
```

    /**
     * Name of the writer.
     * 
     * When this is a type of anonymous comment, writer name would be hidden.
     */
    writer_name: string | null;

    /**
     * Contents of the comments.
     * 
     * When the comment writer tries to modify content, it would not modify the comment
     * content but would be accumulated. Therefore, all of the people can read how
     * the content has been changed.
     */
    contents: ISaleArticleComment.IContent[];

    /**
     * Creation time.
     */
    created_at: string;
}
export namespace ISaleArticleComment
{
    /**
     * Store info.
     */
    export interface IStore
    {
        /**
         * Body of the content.
         */
        body: string;

        /**
         * Whether to hide the writer name or not.
         */
        annonymous: boolean;
    }

    /**
     * Content info.
     */
    export interface IContent
    {
        /**
         * Primary Key.
         */
        id: string;

        /**
         * Body of the content.
         */
        body: string;

        /**
         * Creation time.
         */
        created_at: string;
    }
}
```
</details>

<details>
    <summary>

>         Legacy DTO class, of the <code>@nestjs/swagger</code>

Reviewer: Again, not "Legacy"

>         Legacy DTO class, of the <code>@nestjs/swagger</code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        DTO class using <code>@nestjs/swagger</code>
```

    })
    id: number;

    @ApiProperty({
        type: "number",
        nullable: true,
        description:
`Parent comment ID.

Only When this comment has been written as a reply.`
    })
    parent_id: number | null;

    @ApiProperty({
        type: "string",
        description: "Type of the writer."
    })
    writer_type: "seller" | "consumer";

    @ApiProperty({
        type: "string",
        nullable: true,
        description:
`Name of the writer.

When this is a type of anonymous comment, writer name would be hidden.`
    })
    writer_name: string | null;

    @ApiProperty({
        type: "array",
        items: {
            schema: { $ref: getSchemaPath(SaleArticleComment.Content) }
        },
        description:
`Contents of the comments.

When the comment writer tries to modify content, it would not modify the comment content but would be accumulated Therefore, all of the people can read how the content has been changed.`
    })
    contents: SaleArticleComment.Content[];

    @ApiProperty({
        description: "Creation time."
    })
    created_at: string;
}
```
</details>

#### Advanced Controller Class
Controller also can use the generic arguments.

> In the previous `DTO Interfaces` corner, we've learned that `nestia` can use the pure interface type as the DTO. Also, we've learned that using the pure interface type as DTO means that making generic typed interface or union typed interface as the DTO are also possible, too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous `DTO Interfaces` corner, we've learned that `nestia` can use the pure interface type as the DTO. Also, we've learned that using the pure interface type as DTO means that making generic typed interface or union typed interface as the DTO are also possible.
```

> In the Controller case, it's the same with the upper interface story. In the `nestia`, as using generic typed interface as DTO was possible, defining generic typed controller class is also possible, too. By defining the generic typed controller class as the super type class, you can extremely reduce both duplicated code and duplicated description comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Controller case, it's the same with the upper interface story. With `nestia`, as using a generic typed interface as DTO was possible, defining a generic typed controller class is also possible. By defining the generic typed controller class as the super type class, you can reduce both duplicated code and duplicated description comments.
```

> Look at the below code and feel how the `nestia` is powerful. I repeat that, `@nestjs/swagger` never can construct such generic or union typed controller classes, either.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look at the below code and feel how `nestia` is powerful. It should be stated that, `@nestjs/swagger` can not easily construct such generic or union typed controller classes, either.
```

  - Simple [`CustomerSaleArticleCommentsController`](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/blob/master/demo/simple/src/controllers/ConsumerSaleArticleCommentsController.ts)
  - Generic controllers
    - abstract controller, [`SaleInquiriesController<Content, Store, Json>`](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/tree/master/demo/generic/src/controllers/SaleInquiriesController.ts)
    - 1st sub-type controller, [`ConsumerSaleQuestionsController`](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/tree/master/demo/generic/src/controllers/ConsumerSaleQuestionsController.ts)
    - 2nd sub-type controller, [`ConsumerSaleQuestionsController`](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/tree/master/demo/generic/src/controllers/ConsumerSaleQuestionsController.ts)

>   - Union controller, [`ConsumerSaleEntireArticlesController`](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/tree/master/demo/union/src/controllers/ConsumerSaleEntireArticlesController.ts)

Reviewer: Again, great for your own docs, but a lot of extra for adding to the Nest docs

```typescript
@@filename(src/controllers/SaleInquiriesController)
import * as express from "express";

> import * as nest from "@nestjs/common";

Reviewer: Can we change all of the `@nest.Whatever()` decorators directly to their `@Whatever()` and import them as the rest of the docs show? Consistency is key

     * @throw 403 forbidden error when the article is not yours
     */
    @nest.Put(":id")
    public update
        (
            @nest.Request() request: express.Request,
            @helper.TypedParam("section", "string") section: string, 
            @helper.TypedParam("saleId", "string") saleId: string,
            @helper.TypedParam("id", "number") id: number,
            @nest.Body() input: Store
        ): Promise<Json>;
}
```

#### Software Development Kit
> warning **Opinion** 
>
> `Swagger` is torturing the client developers.
>
> If you're a backend developer and you deliver a `Swagger` to your companion client developers, the client developers should analyze the `Swagger` and implement duplicated router functions with DTO interfaces by themselves. During those jobs, if the client developers take a mistake by mis-reading the `Swagger`, it becomes the critical runtime error directly.
>
> Why do you torture the client developers such like that? If you deliver an SDK (Software Development Kit) instead of the `Swagger`, the client developers don't need to read the `Swagger` file and don't need to implement the duplicated DTO interfaces and router functions, either.
>

> > Therefore, just build the SDK through this `nestia` and delivers the SDK. Your client developers would be anticipated from the long time torturing and become happy. Your solution would be much more reliable and efficient, too.

Reviewer: If you want to add this to your docs, great. Let's not add it to Nest's

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Looking at the SDK library file, generated by the `nestia`, it seems perfect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking at the SDK library file, generated by `nestia`, it is powerful
```

Exact route method, path and parameters are constructed and DTO structures are perfectly imported. Also, descriptive comments written on the controller class methods, DTO interfaces and their properties are exactly revied in the SDK library.

> Furthermore, there's not any problem even when the generic typed abstract controller classes with generic typed DTO comes. The `nestia` will specialize the generic arguments exactly, by analyzing your `NestJS` developed backend server code, in the compilation level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

You've already mentioned this above

  - [simple/.../comments/index.ts](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/blob/master/demo/simple/src/api/functional/consumers/sales/articles/comments/index.ts)
  - [generic/.../questions/index.ts](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/tree/master/demo/generic/src/api/functional/consumers/sales/questions/index.ts)
  - [generic/.../reviews/index.ts](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/tree/master/demo/generic/src/api/functional/consumers/sales/reviews/index.ts)

>   - [union/.../entire_articles/index.ts](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/tree/master/demo/union/src/api/functional/consumers/sales/entire_articles/index.ts)

Reviewer: Same as above comments I've made

 * 
 * @controller ConsumerSaleReviewsController.update()
 * @path PUT /consumers/:section/sales/:saleId/reviews/:id
 * @nestia Generated by Nestia - https://github.com/samchon/nestia
 */
export function update
    (
        connection: IConnection,
        section: string,
        saleId: string,
        id: number,
        input: Primitive<update.Input>
    ): Promise<update.Output>
{
    return Fetcher.fetch
    (
        connection,
        update.ENCRYPTED,
        update.METHOD,
        update.path(section, saleId, id),
        input,
        update.stringify
    );
}
export namespace update
{
    export type Input = Primitive<ISaleReview.IStore>;
    export type Output = Primitive<ISaleInquiry<ISaleReview.IContent>>;

    export const METHOD = "PUT" as const;
    export const PATH: string = "/consumers/:section/sales/:saleId/reviews/:id";
    export const ENCRYPTED: Fetcher.IEncrypted = {
        request: false,
        response: false,
    };

    export function path(section: string, saleId: string, id: number): string
    {
        return `/consumers/${section}/sales/${saleId}/reviews/${id}`;
    }
    export const stringify = createStringifier<Input>();
}
```

> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: Just one line of whitespace is fine here

> #### Swagger
> Building `Swagger` is also possible and even much powerful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Swagger

Building `Swagger` is also possible and even much powerful.
```

> Although I think the `Swagger` is a typical tool that torturing the client developers, the `nestia` also can build the `swagger.json` file. Even `Swagger` generator of the `nestia` is much powerful and convenient than the `@nestjs/swagger`. It doesn't require any type of the swagger comment or DTO decorator function and just using the pure interface type as DTO is possible.

Reviewer: Remove the first person and negatively charged language here. The docs should remain impartial and read as technical documents, not a personal anecdote

> Looking at the [simple/swagger.json](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fsamchon%2Fnestia%2Fmaster%2Fdemo%2Fsimple%2Fswagger.json) file, generated by the `nestia`, it seems perfect. Exact route method, path and parameters are constructed and DTO structures are exactly same with the pure interace type `ISaleArticleComment`. Also, comments written on the controller class method, DTO interface `ISaleArticleComment` and its properties are exactly revied on the `description` fields in the `swagger.json`.
> 
> Looking at the another file [generic/swagger.json](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fsamchon%2Fnestia%2Fmaster%2Fdemo%2Fgeneric%2Fswagger.json), you can find that there isn't any problem even when the generic typed DTO interfaces or controller classes come. Furthermore, traveling the `description` properties of the [generic/swagger.json](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fsamchon%2Fnestia%2Fmaster%2Fdemo%2Funion%2Fswagger.json), comments written on the generic interfaces and controllers are exactly revived in each route functions and schema definitions.
> 
>   - View in the `Swagger Editor`
>     - [simple/swagger.json](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fsamchon%2Fnestia%2Fmaster%2Fdemo%2Fsimple%2Fswagger.json)
>     - [generic/swagger.json](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fsamchon%2Fnestia%2Fmaster%2Fdemo%2Fgeneric%2Fswagger.json)
>     - [union/swagger.json](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fsamchon%2Fnestia%2Fmaster%2Fdemo%2Funion%2Fswagger.json)
> 
> <img src="https://github.com/samchon/nestia/wiki/images/swagger-editor-comment.png" style="max-width: 100%" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can take a look at some of the generated swagger files [here](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/tree/master/demo/) and take them to an [online swagger editor](https://editor.swagger.io) to see what the generated swagger looks like.
```

Too many links in my opinion. If someone is interested, they'll be able to copy paste and look at the generated files

#### Configuration

> <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Simple newline, no need for a `<br/>`

> <img src="https://github.com/samchon/nestia/wiki/images/configuration-comparison-table.png" style="max-width: 100%" />

Reviewer: I'd keep this in your own docs rather than Nest's

You can configure the nestia builder options by two ways: `CLI` or `configuration file`.

> The CLI (Command Line Interface) is easy to use, because it does not require any type of configuration file wrinting. However, it's not safe thing that repeating the same command whenever generating the SDK or `swagger.json` through the CLI, because command miswriting can be happened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI is easy to use, because it does not require any type of configuration file writing. However, it's should be warned that repeating the same command whenever generating the SDK or `swagger.json` through the CLI could lead to corrupt or partially overwritten files.
```

```bash
# BASIC COMMAND
npx nestia <nestia|swagger> <source_directories_or_patterns> \
    --exclude <exclude_directory_or_pattern> \
    --out <output_directory_or_file>

# EXAMPLES
npx nestia nestia "src/controllers" --out "src/api"
npx nestia swagger "src/**/*.controller.ts" -- out "swagger.json"
npx nestia swagger "src/main/controllers" "src/sub/controllers" \
    --exclude "src/main/test" \
    --out "composite.swagger.json"

# ONLY WHEN NESTIA.CONFIG.TS EXISTS
npx nestia nestia
npx nestia swagger
```

> Otherwise, configuration file `nestia.config.ts` may hard to construct and the construction would be annoying and inconvenient, such configuration would be useful within framework of the reusability. Also, the configuration file `nestia.config.ts` use much detailed options than the `CLI` and its content can be ensured its safety by TypeScript compiler through the `IConfigruation` interface type.

Reviewer: The sentence structure here doesn't quite make sense. I can't get a clear idea of what I'm reading to make a suggestion either.

     * with the `tsconfig.json`, this property values would be overwritten.
     * 
     * ```typescript
     * import ts from "typescript";
     * 
     * const tsconfig: ts.TsConfig;
     * const nestiaConfig: IConfiguration;
     * 
     * const compilerOptions: ts.CompilerOptions = {
     *     ...tsconfig.compilerOptions,
     *     ...(nestiaConfig.compilerOptions || {})
     * }
     * ```
     */
    compilerOptions?: ts.CompilerOptions;

    /**
     * Whether to assert parameter types or not.
     * 
     * If you configure this property to be `true`, all of the function parameters would be
     * checked through the [typescript-is](https://github.com/woutervh-/typescript-is). This
     * option would make your SDK library slower, but would be much safer in the type level
     * even in the runtime environment.
     */
    assert?: boolean;

    /**
     * Whether to optimize JSON string conversion 2x faster or not.
     * 
     * If you configure this property to be `true`, the SDK library would utilize the
     * [typescript-json](https://github.com/samchon/typescript-json) and the JSON string
     * conversion speed really be 2x faster.
     */
    json?: boolean;

> 
>     /**
>      * Building `swagger.json` is also possible.
>      * 
>      * If not specified, you can't build the `swagger.json`.
>      */
>     swagger?: IConfiguration.ISwagger;
> }
> export namespace IConfiguration
> {
>     /**
>      * List of files or directories to include or exclude to specifying the NestJS 
>      * controllers.
>      */
>     export interface IInput
>     {
>         /**
>          * List of files or directories containing the NestJS controller classes.
>          */
>         include: string[];
> 
>         /**
>          * List of files or directories to be excluded.
>          */
>         exclude?: string[];
>     }
> 
>     /**
>      * Building `swagger.json` is also possible.
>      */
>     export interface ISwagger
>     {
>         /**
>          * Output path of the `swagger.json`.
>          * 
>          * If you've configured only directory, the file name would be the `swagger.json`. 
>          * Otherwise you've configured the full path with file name and extension, the 
>          * `swagger.json` file would be renamed to it.
>          */
>         output: string;
>     }
> }
> ```
> 
> When you've completed to reading the `IConfiguration` interface, let's make the `nestia.config.ts` file directly. At first, move to your project directory. Note that the project directory means the top level directory of your project, where configuration files like `package.json` or `tsconfig.json` are placed in. After the movement, make the new `nestia` configuration file and write some script like below:
> 
> ```typescript
> @@filename(nestia.config)
> import type { IConfiguration } from "nestia";
> 
> export const NESTIA_CONFIG: IConfiguration = {
>     input: "./src/controllers",
>     output: "./src/api",
>     json: true,
>     swagger: {
>         output: "./public/swagger.json"
>     }
> };
> export default NESTIA_CONFIG;
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please check the [nestia docs](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/wiki/Configuration) for information on the configuration file options.
```

The page is getting to be pretty long, so linking over to your documentation here would be a good idea.

  - [Guide Documents](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/wiki)

> info **info** `nestia` is a third party package and is not managed by the `NestJS` core team. Please, report any issues found with the library in the [appropriate repository](https://github.com/samchon/nestia/issues/new/choose).

#### Setup
Just like any other package, you've got to install it before you can use it.

```sh
npm install --save-dev nestia
```

After the installation, you can generate the `SDK` or `Swagger`, directly.

```sh
npx nestia sdk "src/**/*.controller" --out "src/api"
npx nestia swagger "src/**/*.controller" --out "swagger.json"
```

If all of your controller files are gathered into one directory:

```sh
npx nestia sdk "src/controllers" --out "src/api"
npx nestia swagger "src/controllers" --out "swagger.json"
```

#### Preface

Don't write any swagger comment and DTO decorator. Just run `nestia` up.

  - No swagger comment/decorator
  - No DTO comment/decorator
  - Only pure `interface`s and `NestJS` code are required
    - Support generic typed `interface`s and `controller`s
    - Support union/intersection types

>     - Support conditional types

Author: Right

>     - Support conditional types

Reviewer: Might be worth making a mention of that somewhere in the page.

>     - Support conditional types

Author: As you've suggested another good comment "you don't need to write any swagger or class-validator decorators", I will erase the list content.
